{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green16\blue19;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red27\green128\blue216;\red25\green28\blue31;\red0\green0\blue0;\red13\green16\blue19;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c5882\c7843\c9804;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c3137;\cssrgb\c10588\c58431\c87843;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c5882\c7843\c9804;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12820\viewh27180\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 This is #Safeword  
\f1 \uc0\u55356 \u57098 \u55357 \u56459 
\f0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Safeword is a decentralized frictionless yield-generation utility that uses profits to fight domestic violence. The token operates on an automated liquidity-locking and self-staking direct distribution protocol, providing safe, secure and hassle-free transactions and yield-generation for all holders.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f1 \uc0\u55358 \u56670 \u55357 \u56368 
\f0 Buy NOW on Pancakeswap: https://exchange.pancakeswap.finance/#/swap?outputCurrency=0xE8EEbb090D259bAf31191d14b24527F3A52F7774\
\
Discord: https://discord.gg/5HaZmfGBH8\
\
Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/SafewordFinance/\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Telegram: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://t.co/kZRpn2aQpF?amp=1"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 https://t.me/safewordcrypto}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Website: https://safeword.finance/\
\

\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56520 
\f0 Price Chart: https://poocoin.app/tokens/0xe8eebb090d259baf31191d14b24527f3a52f7774\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Tokenomics
\f4\b0 \cf8 \

\f1 \uc0\u55356 \u57225 
\f4  
\f2\fs46 \cf9 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec9 
\f3\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 TOTAL SUPPLY:
\f0\b0 \'a01,000,000,000,000,000\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf8 \cb3 \uc0\u55357 \u56613 
\f4  
\f3\b \cf2 INITIAL SUPPLY BURN:
\f0\b0 \'a0510,000,000,000,000\cb1 \

\f1 \cf8 \cb3 \uc0\u55357 \u56960 
\f4  
\f3\b \cf2 FAIR LAUNCH SUPPLY:
\f0\b0 \'a0490,000,000,000,000\cb1 \

\f1 \cf8 \cb3 \uc0\u55357 \u56496 
\f4  
\f3\b \cf2 3% TRANSACTION FEE DISTRIBUTION
\f0\b0 \cb1 \

\f1 \cf8 \cb3 \uc0\u55357 \u56593 
\f4  
\f3\b \cf2 50% locked in Liquidity + 50% distributed to all holders
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Features
\f4\b0 \cf8 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \uc0\u9986 \u65039 
\f0  LP Liquidity Tokens ownership has been renounced\

\f1 \cf2 \uc0\u55357 \u56618 
\f0  3% fee auto add to the liquidity pool with each transaction
\f4 \cf8 \

\f1 \cf2 \uc0\u55356 \u57217 
\f0  3% per transaction distributed to all holders
\f4 \cf8 \

\f1 \cf2 \uc0\u55357 \u56351 
\f0  2.5 BNB starting liquidity. No whales. Only Kinks!
\f4 \cf8 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \uc0\u55357 \u56613  
\f0 \cf2 51% of all tokens burned before going live on Pancake Swap\cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf7 Mission
\f0\b0 \
Recognizing the harmful impacts of domestic violence on the whole of society, Safeword focuses on working with expert non-profits to help victims get help, remove stigma and shame, and educate society to work on prevention of this devastating crime.\'a0 We want to help to offset, mitigate, and potentially reverse the damage done, all while generating income for network participants.
\f4 \cf8 \strokec8 \

\f3\b \cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl432\partightenfactor0
\cf7 Charities
\f4\b0 \cf8 \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf7 \strokec7 Safeword recognizes the harmful effects of Domestic Violence on women, men, children, families, and aims to reduce, mitigate, and reverse these effects.
\f4 \cf8 \strokec8  
\f0 \cf7 \strokec7 Domestic Violence is a universal scourge on humanity. It ruins lives, futures, and devalues every single one of us.\
\
Victims need support. Society needs education and prevention. We all need to come together.
\f4 \cf8 \strokec8  
\f0 \cf7 \strokec7 This is why the community of Safeword has chosen to have their mission as the prevention of domestic violence, and to work with non-profit organizations with the same goal. Non-profits will be chosen and verified on Charity Navigator prior to a donation.\
\
SAFEWORD token is now live on the\'a0
\f5\i\b Binance Smart Chain.
\f0\i0\b0 \
\
The token address for SAFEWORD is\'a0\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 0xe8eebb090d259baf31191d14b24527f3a52f7774}